

This update includes an optional ability to spawn static missions.
This can be done by laying out everything for your static mission in the editor, 
then using a simple copy - paste - edit strategy.

I have provided one example editor mission (staticMissionExamples.Altis) 
which I have used to configure a static mission ( ).
My approach to doing this as follows:

1) Start Arma with the following mods: 
	@epoch;@exile;@m3eden editor.
	(adjust to meet your specific needs; obviously any additional mods such as those from CUP can be included).

2) Start the Eden Editor.
3) Lay out your static mission. You should:
	place a marker indicating where it will spawn (save your work)
	Place all buldings, sandbags, etc (save your work)
	Place any vehicle or air patrols - note that they will patrol using the postion at which you place them as the centerpoint of their patrol.
	(save your work).
	Place any static weapons.
	(save your work).
	Place a unit at each location you wish to have a group patrol.
	Place some sort of ammo box, cardboard box, or other loot container. 
	Save your work.
	
	Note the postion of your marker.
	Export all of the objects, units, and vehicles using the function supplied by M3EDEN Editor.
	You want to use the export absolute position functions for this.
	
	Now, create a copy of one of the example missions.
	Set the mission center to the position of your marker.
	Carefully copy the data for your structures into the appropriate array.
	Do the same for all other objects, vehicles, loot vehicles and so forth.
	Note that you will need to edit the fields for AI, vehicle patrols etc to ensure that all require information is present.
	
	Once you have done this, add the file to the custom_server\Missions\Static\missions directory then
	add an entry for your static mission to GMS_StaticMissionLists.sqf
	
in order to specify additional options. Use the information provided in the example static missions to guide you.

OPTIONAL

Directly call functions to add units, vehicle patrols, air patrols etc.

More to come on this.