This tool formats most of the data required for STATIC missions based on what is present in your mission. 
This include the layout of buildings, loot crates, markers, static weapons, and garrisons in buildings.

A minimal mission would include:
    A marker. You may use any marker you like. The new pullMarker script will format scripting needed to spawn that marker at the center of your mission.
    The mission system will spawn AI, loot chests, emplaced weapons, vehicles and aircraft according to the defaults for the mission difficulty.

The basic blckeagls static missions provided as examples have a bit more defined, usually some buildings to provide cover and make things more interesting.
I have added a new example mission, 'garrison.sqf', to illustrate technques you can use to tell the script which buildings to spawn AI in and where to spawn them.

Note that you can add more detail including defining where infantry and statics spawn, where the one or more loot crates spawn, where vehicle patrols spawn and so forth.
Loot crates, AI, static weapons or autonomous turrets can be spawned inside or on top of buildings. Even vehicles could be spawned on buildings in principle.
    To do this just place the representative objects where you want the mission to spawn them and the script should do the rest.
    For infantry patrols, put one unit where you want the group to spawn.
    Note:  uniforms, weapons and other AI gear are not captured. You can however define _uniforms, _weapons and other AI gear for that mission. 
	See the template and default2 missions for examples.

You can also have infantry and/or static weapons garrison buildings using either of two approaches.
    1. place an object of type garrisonMarkerObject inside the building you want to garrison. 
       I use a 100 cm sphere which is the default because it is easy to see and not used for much else.
       The script will ensure that this building is identified for a garrison which will be spawned at the Arma pre-defined buildingPositions.
	   You can define the number of infantry and statics to spawn in these buildings. Their positions should be different each time the garrison is spawned.
	   Just like the other static AI, garrisons respawn.
    
    2. Manualy place statics and units inside buildings where you want them to spawn. 
        Infantry will change position (crouch, prone, stand) and turn but will not move which prevents their normal behavior to leave the buliding and look for players.
        The position of statics (e.g., HMG, GMG) will be recorded accurately. 
        To tell the script where you want units, turrets (HMG or anything else in the turret category) just place the units where you want them. 
		This can include some of the new, autonomous turrets.

Once all that is done you are ready to pull the mission information. 
To do that, from the EDEN Editor, 
	
	1.  Preparation: copy all files from the tools\dynamicMissions\pullDynamicMissions folder into the folder containing the mission.sqm for your new mission.
	Rename template.sqf to reflect the nature of your mission.
	Open 'pullStaticMission.sqf' and check the preset definitions, all of which are set by #define.
	Adjust these values as appropriate.
	
	2.  Pulling Marker data. Start Arma, and select Editor. Load your new mission in the editor and hit Play.
	Using the mouse wheel, select pull marker data.
	Alt-tab out and paste into the appropriate spot in your new mission.sqf.

	
	3.  Pulling all other mission data.
	Return to the editor.
	Select 'tools' with then 'debug console'.
	A window will pop up with a zone toward the center in which you can enter text.
    2. type execVM "pullDynamicMission.sqf"; in the box.
    3. hit Local exec
    4. hit Esc
    5. The script should run as indicated by text appearing in the lower left corner of your screen.
    6. When the text stops being updated, alt-tab out to your editor.
    7. You can now copy/past from that output into the relevant sections of the dynamic mission template.

	4.  Final touchups.
	The tools will pull all objects including any spheres, arrows or other aids.
	Be sure to remove these or comment them out or they will show up in your final mission on your server.
	Adjust the remaining settings in the template such as difficulty level to suit your needs.
	Add the name of the mission to the list of missions to be spawned for that difficulty level.
	Test everything to be sure 
